now there's been no letup in Israel's
bombardment of Northern and Central Gaza
the Hamas ran Health Ministry says air
strikes hit the city of De Al balah the
last major urban center not to be
invaded by Israeli forces Israeli tanks
are also pushing deeper into Rafa in the
South Health officials say the
Palestinian death toll from ongoing
Israeli attacks is nearing
39,000 talks in Cairo aimed at reaching
a ceasefire appear to have hit a wall
the Israeli bombardment continues in
Gaza in Gaza City in the north air
strikes hit a un run school being used
as a shelter for displaced
Palestinians in the South Israeli forces
Advance into
Rafa days before he is due to fly to
Washington DC to give a speech to the US
Congress and meet President Joe Biden
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu made a surprise visit to
troops in
Rafa he said the Israeli offensive would
help reach a hostage
deal the military pressure our forces
are exerting at hamas's throat is
helping us uphold our just demands and
Advance the hostage deal including our
demand to release the maximum number of
hostages in the initial phase of the
plan this pressure doesn't hinder the
deal it advances
it some fear the deal could be
undermined by the actions just ours
earlier of one of netanyahu's cabinet
members far wri national security
minister itamar benav visited one of
Jerusalem's most contested religious
sites the al- axar mosque compound that
sits at top of the Temple Mount red in
Judaism he called on Netanyahu not to
sign a ceasefire
I came here to the most important place
for the state of Israel and the people
of Israel to pray for the hostages may
they return home without a reckless deal
without surrender I am praying for the
prime minister to have the courage not
to concede so that he goes all the way
by reinforcing military
pressure hours before Israel's
parliament the nesset overwhelmingly
passed a resolution rejecting the
formation of a Palestinian state
the vote sends a message to the world
ahead of netanyahu's visit to
Washington while on the ground in Gaza
civilians count the very real human cost
of this war